README.md, before:

## (Experimental) Hovenia Editor

> Canvas-based tree layout for Calcit `compact.cirru`.

- Explainations for demo https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1z3411J76p
- Demos https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1tq4y1a7bB https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV16a411i7aq

![demo of hovenia-editor](./assets/demo.png)

### Usage

Launch CLI for an HTTP server, at same folder of `compact.cirru`:

```bash
# install deps for Calcit into `.config/calcit/modules/`...

cr --entry server path/to/hovernia-editor/compact.cirru
```

Adding CLI shortcut in `$PATH`:

```cirru
#!/usr/bin/env cr -1
{} (:package |app)
  :configs $ {} (:init-fn |app.server/main!) (:reload-fn |app.server/reload!)
    :modules $ [] |calcit-http/ |<path-to>/hovenia-editor/compact.cirru
  :files $ {}
```

Use Web UI from http://repo.cirru.org/hovenia-editor/ .

### Commands

In the command box:

- `add-ns a.b`
- `rm-ns a.b`
- `add-def a.b c`
- `rm-def a.b c`
- `load`
- `save`
- `mv-ns from to`
- `mv-def from/a to/b`
- `pick` or `pick off` for turning on/off picker mode
- `deps-tree` for loading dependency graph

### Workflow

Workflow https://github.com/Phlox-GL/phlox-workflow

### License

MIT

Commit message:

upgrade deps; list missing commands in README

README.md, after:

## (Experimental) Hovenia Editor

> Canvas-based tree layout for Calcit `compact.cirru`.

- Explainations for demo https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1z3411J76p
- Demos https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1tq4y1a7bB https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV16a411i7aq

![demo of hovenia-editor](./assets/demo.png)

### Usage

Launch CLI for an HTTP server, at same folder of `compact.cirru`:

```bash
# install deps for Calcit into `.config/calcit/modules/`...

cr --entry server path/to/hovernia-editor/compact.cirru
```

Adding CLI shortcut in `$PATH`:

```cirru
#!/usr/bin/env cr -1
{} (:package |app)
  :configs $ {} (:init-fn |app.server/main!) (:reload-fn |app.server/reload!)
    :modules $ [] |calcit-http/ |<path-to>/hovenia-editor/compact.cirru
  :files $ {}
```

Use Web UI from http://repo.cirru.org/hovenia-editor/ .

### Commands

In the command box:

- `add-ns a.b`
- `rm-ns a.b`
- `add-def a.b c`
- `rm-def a.b c`
- `load`
- `save`
- `mv-ns from to`
- `mv-def from/a to/b`
- `pick` or `pick off` for turning on/off picker mode
- `deps-tree` for loading dependency graph
- `deps-of` for deps of a single definition
- `call-tree` for a sunburst graph for deps

### Workflow

Workflow https://github.com/Phlox-GL/phlox-workflow

### License

MIT
